3. Compare and contrast margin, padding, and border.

Margin essentially deals with the space outside the border of an element, it creates space between the element and its surrounding elements.

Padding deals with space between the context/text of an element and its border. Involves creating space inside element

Border has to do with the space/border around the content/padding  itself, the line/boundary between the padding and margins. 

4. Define the following flexbox css rules
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/:
a. display: flex
b. flex-direction
c. flex-wrap
d. justify-content/align-items
e. Align-content

It defines a flex container; inline or block depending on the given value. Enables a flex context for all its direct children.
Establishes the main-axis, which helps define the direction flex items are placed in the flex container, dealing with horizontal rows or vertical columns. 
Allows the items to wrap as needed with this property.
No-wrap (default): all flex items will be on one line
-Wrap:flex items will wrap onto multiple lines, from top to bottom.
-Wrap-reverse :flex items will wrap onto multiple lines from bottom to top.
 Justify-content 
Helps with  distributing extra free space leftover when either all the flex items on a line are inflexible, or are flexible but have reached their maximum size. It also exerts some control over the alignment of items when they overflow the line. The different kinds are flex-start, flex-end, start, end, center, space between, space around, space evenly. 
Align items:
This defines the default behavior for how flex items are laid out along the cross axis on the current line. It’s like the justify-content version but for the cross-axis. 
There’s stretch(default),  flex-start/start/self-start, flex-end/end/self-end, center, baseline, 




This aligns a flex container’s lines within when there is extra space in the cross-axis, which is like how justify-content aligns individual items within the main-axis.
Similar types/properties to the aforementioned ones except in this case normal(default). 

